Changed database to catalog in org.jabref.gui.slr and org.jabref.logic.crawler (#9989)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- In case the library contains empty entries, they are not written to disk. [#8645](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8645)
- The formatter `remove_unicode_ligatures` is now called `replace_unicode_ligatures`. [#9890](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/9890)
- We improved the error message when no terminal was found [#9607](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9607)

> - We changed database to catalog in `org.jabref.gui.slr` and `org.jabref.logic.crawler` [#9951](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/9951)

Reviewer: Changelog messages should be for the end user. We don't have a end-user documentation for the SLR functionality yet Nevertheless one could write following:

```suggestion
- In the context of the "systematic literature functionality", we changed the name "database" to "catalog" to use a separate term for online catalogs in comparison to SQL databases. [#9951](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pull/9951)
```
